Updating Contributor's URLs and adding link to gist about communication aspect of campus network (#16)
sheharyaar/iit-kgp-network: README_general.md

A great vote of thanks to the following contributors :
- Ishan Manchanda ([@IshanManchanda](https://github.com/IshanManchanda)) - Contribution to the list of working VPNs.
- Soham Sen ([@Yureien](https://github.com/Yureien)) - Testing UDP and TCP on external network on private ports via `netcat`.

> - Rajiv Harlalka ([@rajivharlalka](https://github.com/rajivharlalka)) and Chirag Ghosh ([@chirag-ghosh](https://github.com/chirag-ghosh)) - Helping me with OpenVPN Setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rajiv Harlalka ([@rajivharlalka](https://github.com/rajivharlalka)) and Chirag Ghosh ([@chirag-ghosh](https://github.com/chirag-ghosh)) - Help with OpenVPN Setup.
```

Reviewer: I feel that keeping the tone in the third person would be better. What do you think, Arpit?

Author: Please refer to my review; is there anyway of suggesting back in a review by other?

> - Rajiv Harlalka ([@rajivharlalka](https://github.com/rajivharlalka)) and Chirag Ghosh ([@chirag-ghosh](https://github.com/chirag-ghosh)) - Helping me with OpenVPN Setup.

Author: ```suggestion
- Rajiv Harlalka ([@rajivharlalka](https://github.com/rajivharlalka)) and Chirag Ghosh ([@chirag-ghosh](https://github.com/chirag-ghosh)) - Helping with OpenVPN setup.
```

What about this?

Reviewer 2: > 

It's fine, we can take our time and refactor to a third person README. It has to be third person, then we will be able to merge it with metakgp too. It's not urgent, but an enhancement. Good work arpit with the commits. 

Regarding social media as a section in README, I will fork your branch and see where we can put it. 

I had kept the contributions seperate because it was the plan to merge the general readme to metakgp, but yeah the contributions in meteakgp will be in a seperate section, so I am positive about keeping the contributions in the main README

Reviewer: Yeah, this is also good. I was just suggesting, and I feel this would be a better way - taking time to move the whole document's sense to the third form in a separate PR.
